README.md, before:

# WILD EVENT MANAGER - CLIENTS APP FRONTEND

 Our project is already deployed, you can see it here: 
 

 1. [Backoffice](http://wildeventmanager.com/)
 2. [Clients app](http://wildevent.com.pl/) - designed for mobile devices

Here you can find other repositories for this project: 

 1. [Backend](https://github.com/michalz18/wild-event-manager-backend)
 2. [Backoffice](https://github.com/michalz18/wild-event-manager-backend)

## 🌟 Project aim

  

A dynamic event management solution crafted to provide an immersive experience for both event attendees and organizers. Designed to adapt to a wide range of venues, this tool integrates cutting-edge map interactivity, real-time event details, and an intuitive dashboard for organizers. This project is our original idea.

  

## 📖 Table of contents

- [Team](#-team)

- [To do](#-to-do)

- [Features](#-features)

- [Project status](#-project-status)

- [Technologies](#%EF%B8%8F-technologies--tools)

- [License](#-license)

## 👥 Team

  

Mentors: Michał Kruczkowski

  

- [Michał Zuzak](https://github.com/michalz18)

- [Wiktoria Kulczyńska](https://github.com/wiktoria75)

- [Marcin Lewiński](https://github.com/marcinlewinski)

- [Artur Pokora](https://github.com/ArtIPok)

  

## 📝 To do

  

- Add map legend for clients app

- End to end tests

- Implement CI/CD

- Data cache

  

## ✨ Features

  

- Interactive map

- Interactive calendar

- Employee, event and location management (CRUD)

- Relational DB

- Authentication and authorization users by JWT

- Application deployment

- Both applications are responsive, but the client part of the project is mainly intended for users using phones

  

## 🟢 Project status

  

This project is considered complete and stable, and all planned features have been implemented. While we will address any critical issues that arise.

  

Thank you for your interest in this project. We hope that you find it useful. Please feel free to fork this repository and use it as a starting point for your own project, or to learn from the code.

  

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

  

Project is created with:

<a  href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg"  alt="javascript"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a>  <a  href="https://www.java.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg"  alt="java"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> 


<a  href="https://reactjs.org/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg"  alt="react"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> <a  href="https://spring.io/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/springio/springio-icon.svg"  alt="spring"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> <a  href="https://getbootstrap.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg"  alt="bootstrap"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> <a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://mui.com/static/logo.svg" alt="mui" width="40" height="40"/>  </a><a  href="https://junit.org/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117533873-484d4480-afef-11eb-9fad-67c8605e3592.png"  alt="junit"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a href="https://hibernate.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3ea77eb9427a697d466903daa2c896a403b87e700854e7913a2c5a4e1cd43c9d/68747470733a2f2f68696265726e6174652e6f72672f696d616765732f68696265726e6174655f69636f6e5f7768697465626b672e737667" alt="hibernate" width="40" height="40"/>
</a>



<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a  href="https://sass-lang.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg"  alt="sass"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a>

<a  href="https://www.mysql.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg"  alt="mysql"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a>

<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106514210/249443483-11186d9a-8e05-4639-bce9-409ff13f2b78.png" alt="intellij" width="40" height="40"/>
</a><a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
  <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/visual-studio-code-1.svg" alt="vscode" width="40" height="40"/>
</a>
<a href="https://maven.apache.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106514210/249441977-4208f75d-3be8-463a-aac8-40ceb9410fbd.png" alt="maven" width="40" height="40"/>  </a><a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a><a  href="https://postman.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg"  alt="postman"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a  href="https://www.figma.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg"  alt="figma"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a  href="https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106514210/249443274-6bef2a78-4833-4cf7-af1a-308f97df4940.png"  alt="Jira"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a href="https://slack.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/slack-new-logo.svg" alt="slack" width="40" height="40"/>  </a>

## 📜 License
WildEventManager is MIT licensed.

Commit message:

DOCS: Images for readme have been deployed

README.md, after:

# WILD EVENT MANAGER - CLIENTS APP FRONTEND



Here you can find other repositories for this project: 

 1. [Backend](https://github.com/marcinlewinski/EventManager_backend)
 2. [Backoffice](https://github.com/marcinlewinski/WildEvent-manager)

## 🌟 Project aim

  

The Wild Event Manager project constitutes an integral part of a larger system aimed at comprehensive event management and organizational functioning. It focuses on the presentation and access to information about events organized within a specific location, in this case, a zoo. Accompanying the project is a complementary backoffice accessible at [Backoffice](https://github.com/marcinlewinski/WildEvent-manager).
  

## 📖 Table of contents

- [Demo](#-demo)

- [Team](#-team)

- [To do](#-to-do)

- [Features](#-features)

- [Project status](#-project-status)

- [Technologies](#%EF%B8%8F-technologies--tools)

- [License](#-license)


## 🖼️ Demo 

| Main view |
|:-------------------------:|
| ![Main view](./wild-event-manager-application/.github/images/main.png) |

| Context | Start event counting time |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
| ![Context](./wild-event-manager-application/.github/images/context.gif) | ![Registration screen](./wild-event-manager-application/.github/images/time.gif) |




## 👥 Team

  

Mentors: Michał Kruczkowski

  

- [Michał Zuzak](https://github.com/michalz18)

- [Wiktoria Kulczyńska](https://github.com/wiktoria75)

- [Marcin Lewiński](https://github.com/marcinlewinski)

- [Artur Pokora](https://github.com/ArtIPok)

  

## 📝 To do

  

- Add map legend for clients app

- End to end tests

- Implement CI/CD

  

## ✨ Features

  

- Interactive map

- Interactive calendar

- Employee, event and location management (CRUD)

- Relational DB

- Authentication and authorization users by JWT

- Both applications are responsive, but the client part of the project is mainly intended for users using phones

  

## 🟢 Project status

  

This project is considered complete and stable, and all planned features have been implemented. While we will address any critical issues that arise.

  

Thank you for your interest in this project. We hope that you find it useful. Please feel free to fork this repository and use it as a starting point for your own project, or to learn from the code.

  

## 🛠️ Technologies & Tools

  

Project is created with:

<a  href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg"  alt="javascript"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a>  <a  href="https://www.java.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg"  alt="java"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> 


<a  href="https://reactjs.org/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg"  alt="react"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> <a  href="https://spring.io/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/springio/springio-icon.svg"  alt="spring"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> <a  href="https://getbootstrap.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bootstrap/bootstrap-plain-wordmark.svg"  alt="bootstrap"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a> <a href="https://mui.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://mui.com/static/logo.svg" alt="mui" width="40" height="40"/>  </a><a  href="https://junit.org/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/25181517/117533873-484d4480-afef-11eb-9fad-67c8605e3592.png"  alt="junit"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a href="https://hibernate.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/3ea77eb9427a697d466903daa2c896a403b87e700854e7913a2c5a4e1cd43c9d/68747470733a2f2f68696265726e6174652e6f72672f696d616765732f68696265726e6174655f69636f6e5f7768697465626b672e737667" alt="hibernate" width="40" height="40"/>
</a>



<a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a  href="https://sass-lang.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sass/sass-original.svg"  alt="sass"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a>

<a  href="https://www.mysql.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg"  alt="mysql"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a>

<a href="https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106514210/249443483-11186d9a-8e05-4639-bce9-409ff13f2b78.png" alt="intellij" width="40" height="40"/>
</a><a href="https://code.visualstudio.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">
  <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/visual-studio-code-1.svg" alt="vscode" width="40" height="40"/>
</a>
<a href="https://maven.apache.org/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106514210/249441977-4208f75d-3be8-463a-aac8-40ceb9410fbd.png" alt="maven" width="40" height="40"/>  </a><a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a><a  href="https://postman.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/getpostman/getpostman-icon.svg"  alt="postman"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a  href="https://www.figma.com/"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg"  alt="figma"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a  href="https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira"  target="_blank"  rel="noreferrer">  <img  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/106514210/249443274-6bef2a78-4833-4cf7-af1a-308f97df4940.png"  alt="Jira"  width="40"  height="40"/>  </a><a href="https://slack.com/" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">  <img src="https://cdn.worldvectorlogo.com/logos/slack-new-logo.svg" alt="slack" width="40" height="40"/>  </a>

## 📜 License
WildEventManager is MIT licensed.
